Entire shrek script
Once upon a time there was a lovely princess. But she had an enchantment upon 
her of a fearful sort, which could only be broken by Love's first kiss. She was 
locked away in a castle guarded by a terrible fire breathing dragon. Many brave 
knights had attempted to free her from this dreadful prison, but none 
prevailed. She waited in the dragon's keep in the highest room of the tallest 
tower for her true love and true love's first kiss. Like that's ever going to 
happen. What a loony. Shrek Beware Stay out I think he's in here. All right. 
Lets get it! Hold on. Do you know what that thing can do to you? Yeah. He'll 
groan into your bones for his brains. Well actually that would be a giant. Now 
Ogres, huh, they are much worse. They'll make a soup from your freshly peeled 
skin. They'll chew your livers, squeeze the jelly from your eyes. Actually, 
it's quite good on toast. Back, back beast, back! I warned you! Right. This is 
the part, where you run away. Yeah! And stay out. Wanted. Fairytale creatures. 
Right, this one is full. Take it away. Give me that. Your fine days are over. 
-25 pieces of silver for the witch. Next. -Come on. Sit down there! And be 
quiet! This cage is so small. You wouldn't turn me in. I'll never be stubborn 
again. I can change. Please, give me another chance. Oh, shut up! Next. What do 
we got? This little wooden puppet. I'm not a puppet, I'm a real boy. Five 
shillings for the possessed toy. Take it away. No! Please, don't let them do 
it! Next. What do you got? Well, I've got a talking donkey! Right. Well that's 
good for ten schillings, if you can prove it. Oh, go ahead fella. Well? He's 
just a li..., just a little nervous. He's really quite a chatterbox. You 
boneheaded donkey! That's it. I have heard enough. Guards! No, no, he talks, he 
does! I can talk. I love to talk. I've talked to... Get her out of my sight! 
-No, no, I swear! Hey, I can fly. -He can fly! -He can fly! He can talk! 
-That's right, fool! Now I'm a flying, talking donkey! You might have seen 
house fly, maybe even a superfly. But I bet you ain't never seen a donkey fly! 
Seize him! Get him! This way! Hurry! You there. Ogre. -I. By the order of lord 
Farquaad. I am authorized to place you both under arrest. And transport you to 
designated resettlement facility. Oh really? You and what army? Can I say 
something to you? Listen, you were really, really something, back there. 
Incredible. Are you talking to... ...me? Yes, I was talking to you. Can I just 
tell you that you were really great back there with those guards. They thought 
that was all over there. And then you showed up and BAM. There was tripping on 
over themselves like babes in the woods. That really made me feel good to see 
that. Oh, that's great. Really. Man, it's good to be free. Now, why don't you 
go celebrate your freedom with your own friends? But I... I don't have any 
friends. And I'm not going out there by myself. Hey wait a minute. I have a 
great idea... I'll stick with you. You and me in green fighting machine. 
Together we'll scare the spin if anybody crosses us. Oh, a, that was really 
scary. Maybe you don't mine me saying. If that don't work, your breath will 
certainly do the job done, 'cause... you definitively need some tic-tac or 
something, 'cause your breath stinks! Man you've ??? my note! Just like the 
time... ...and then I ate some rotten berries. Man I had some strong gases 
leaking out of my but that day. Why are you following me? I'll tell you why. 
'Cause I'm all alone, there is no one here, beside me. My problems have all 
gone. There's no one to derive me. But you got to have free ... -Stop singing! 
Well, it's no wonder, you don't have any friends. Wow! Only a true friend would 
be that truly honest. Listen! Little donkey. Take a look at me! What am I? A... 
...really tall? No! I'm an Ogre. You know, grab your torch and pitchforks. 
Doesn't that bother you? Nope. Really? -Really really. Oh? Man, I like you. 
What's your name? A..., Shrek. Shrek?! But do you know, what I like about you, 
Shrek? You've got that kind of: "I don't care what nobody thinks of me" thing. 
I like that, I respect that, Shrek. You're all right. Uh, look at that. Who 
would wanna live in a place like that? That would be my home. Oh, it is lovely. 
Just beautiful. You know you're quite a decorator. It's amazing what you did 
with such a modest budget. I like that boulder. That is a nice boulder. I 
guess, you don't entertain much, do you? I like my privacy. You know I do to. 
That's another thing, we have in common. Like I hate it when you got somebody 
in your face. You try to give them a hint and they won't leave. And then 
there's that big occurred silence, you know? Can I stay with you? -What? Can I 
stay with you, please. Of course! -Really? No. -Please! I don't want to go back 
there. You don't how is like to be concerned like a freak. Well..., maybe you 
do. But that's why we have to stick together! You got to let me stay! Please! 
Please! OK, OK. -But one night only. -Huh, thank you! A, what are you do... No! 
This is going to be fun. We can stay up late, swap the manly stories. And in 
the morning... I'm making waffles. Where do I sleep? Outside! Oh, a, I guess 
that's cool. You know, I don't know you and you don't know me... ... so I 
guess, outside is best for me. Here I go. Good night. I do like that half door. 
I'm a donkey all alone outside. Sit by myself outside, I guess. I'm all alone, 
there's no one here beside me. -I thought, I told you to stay outside. -I am 
outside. Well James. This is far from the farm, but what choice do we have? 
It's not... What a lovely bed. -Got you! I found some cheese. Awful stuff. -Is 
that you Gordon? -How did you know? Enough! What are you doing in my house? Oh, 
no, no, no... Death prods off the table! Where would we supposed to put her. 
The bed's taken. What? I live in a swamp. I've put up signs. I'm a terrifying 
Ogre! What do I have to do, to get a little privacy? Oh, no! No, no! What are 
you doing in my swamp? All right, get out of here. All of you. Move it! Come 
on, let's go. And hurry up, hurry up. No, no, not there. Not there! Hey don't 
look at me. I didn't invite them. Oh gosh, no one invited us. -What? We were 
forced to come here. -By who? Lord Farquaad. He ??? All right. Who knows where 
this Farquaad guy is? Oh I do. I know where he is. Does anyone else know where 
to find him? -Anyone at all? -Me. -Anyone? Oh pick me, I know! Me, me. Ok, 
fine. Attention all fairy tale things! Do not get comfortable. Your welcome is 
officially warned up. In fact. I'm gonna see this guy Farquaad right now and 
get all off my land and back where you came from. You. You're coming with me. 
All right. That's what I like to hear, man. Shrek and Donkey, two stubborn 
friends off on a world and big city adventure. I love it. I'm on road again. 
Sing with me Shrek! I'm on road again... What did I say about singing? -Can I 
whistle? -No. -Well, can I hummer? -All right. That's enough. He's ready to 
talk. Run, run, run as fast as you can, you can't catch me. I'm the gingerbread 
man. You monster. I'm not a monster here. You are. You and the rest of that 
fairytale trash, poisoning my perfect world. -Now tell me! Where are the 
others? -Eat me. I've tried to be fair to you, creatures. Now my patience has 
reached its end! -Tell me! Or I'll... -No, no, not the buttons. Not gumdrop 
buttons. All right! Who's hiding them? Ok, I'll tell you. -Do you know the 
muffin-man? -The muffin-man? -The muffin-man. -Yes, I know the muffin-man. Who 
lives on Proully lane? -Well, she's married to the muffin-man. -The muffin-man! 
-The muffin-man! -She's married to the muffin-man. My lord! We found it. Well 
then, what are you waiting for? Bring it in. Magic mirror. Don't tell him 
anything! Evening. Mirror, mirror on the wall. Is this not the most perfect 
kingdom of them all? Well, technically, you're not a king. A..., felonious. 
-You were saying. -What I mean is a... ...you're not a king, yet. But you can 
become one. All you have to do, is marry a princess. Go on. So, just sit back 
and relax my lord, because it's time for you to meet today's eligible 
bachelorettes. And here they are. Bachelorette number one is a mentall